well let's go to the interview with
aquivaldo mosquera that talks about soccer
of its passage through europe
of America of all
what was the most complicated thing that you had
what to face in spain 'well then
and thank God I had to hear the truth
but but I had very very moments
difficult because I did not really play in
the position that I know
I had many problems with the press
had problems with the two technicians
that we had then I did not feel comfortable
the truth a city ​​the city
awesome impressive people the
support that gives me awesome people
but I really did not feel good about
I soon felt that they were false
with me
in many aspects then
I endured two years the truth were
pretty hard because I let go of the
selection and I had many injuries I had
there were many those two years went by
many things that thanks to it I lived them
because you learn a lot of that you decide
return t because to america because to
mexico once more
Well, look, since I was in
pachuca always wanted to play in america
I said good if it's an opportunity I
I want to be able to play in america but the
president said that if he left was
only for europe that
I was not going to play here in Mexico if it was not
for europe and well I understood it well
because it was also a dream to go to
europe to play
when the america came out
immediately we speak with union and that
went to seville was with us there in
We were talking and I told him that
yes that immediately that yes that
we are very happy that
They obviously knew that they had fixed
in us and at the beginning the
negotiation and I went on vacation from
the team and I was already
prepared again as it is
mentalizing to stay another year in
in Seville and well I said good I'm going
to enjoy already since if it is not it will no longer be
He gave me America, I make him stay and he
I went to quiet occasions that we are in
well here we call you in a
farm we are in a farm we are one
pool and call me my representative says
not that you have to go to
Sevilla because we gave it the Latin
already negotiated with can continue sevilla
and America is all set how was your
adaptation to America to such a team
good media the truth welcome
it was excellent I saw my name in a
very nice banner I had to load up
even the eagle was very beautiful the truth
I felt very comfortable since I arrived
the technician had obviously called me
I had already talked with him and the
companions that I found then all very
good people and they welcomed me very well
then in that very calm sense
what is the criticism that has most
bothered in your football career not
was the one that at the time gave or you
he made angel reyna with that statement
so talked about the media
and the truth, I really was not even
the captain at that time I was captain
in that match but not really
neither rancor nor the speaker what
you want
and everyone has their feelings every
who thinks what is then in that
I do not get involved and if he felt that in
That moment is because something was
happening and what is happening in that
At that time, it was not because you could not
to cover the sun with a finger
a finger because everyone knew what
what was happening at this time in
america first we are not well neither in the
table nor are we any of the
players and good are things that happen from
category
well
it hurts me that people who do not
they know what what actually happened and
speak because actually
I am not nobody neither to nor to remove or
because I am a foreigner because I know
that everyone in america is what
better to be in the america and actually
I do not care what they said they talk about
they speak or do not speak or whatever in
actually I talked a lot with him
that's the truth I was wearing
lots of advice because it's a great
player for me is a great player and
always he will do just that has
attitudes of what they should not be and
you should know, but in this topic
I get in the current america is the best
tournament team
look what
for us the truth is the best
team that we have for three years
that three and a half years that I'm here in
the america for me is the best team
that we have at this moment speaking
for us it is the best team that
we have already there we have to prove it
on the pitch and keep gaining pace
step by step go accommodating accommodating the
places that came new but talk
if we are the best we are not the best
demonstrating what this America is for
quarry yes of course it is
we are to make champions and how
I said a moment ago you have to go there
demonstrate it on the pitch and
we are showing it but there
that you have to give a little more